morning - the morn in russet mantle clad - Hamlet I.i
russet - the morn in russet mantle clad - Hamlet I.i
mantle - the morn in russet mantle clad - Hamlet I.i
clad - the morn in russet mantle clad - Hamlet I.i
kin - A little more than kin and less than kind - Hamlet I.ii
kind - A little more than kin and less than kind - Hamlet I.ii
frail - frailty, thy name is woman! - Hamlet I.ii
frailty - frailty, thy name is woman! - Hamlet I.ii
woman - frailty, thy name is woman! - Hamlet I.ii
true - This above all: to thine own self be true - Hamlet I.iii
thine - This above all: to thine own self be true - Hamlet I.iii
rotten - Something is rotten in the state of Denmark - Hamlet I.iv
Denmark - Something is rotten in the state of Denmark - Hamlet I.iv
state - Something is rotten in the state of Denmark - Hamlet I.iv
smile - one may smile and smile and be a villain - Hamlet I.v
villain - one may smile and smile and be a villain - Hamlet I.v
wit - brevity is the soul of wit - Hamlet II.ii
brevity - brevity is the soul of wit - Hamlet II.ii
soul - brevity is the soul of wit - Hamlet II.ii
Polonius - brevity is the soul of wit - Hamlet II.ii
brevity - More matter with less art - Hamlet II.ii
madness - Though this be madness, yet there is method in 't - Hamlet II.ii
feign - Though this be madness, yet there is method in 't - Hamlet II.ii
method - Though this be madness, yet there is method in 't - Hamlet II.ii
man - What piece of work is a man - Hamlet II.ii
work - What piece of work is a man - Hamlet II.ii
rogue - O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I! - Hamlet II.ii
slave - O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I! - Hamlet II.ii
peasant - O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I! - Hamlet II.ii
O - O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I! - Hamlet II.ii
Hecuba - What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba? - Hamlet II.ii
emotion - What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba? - Hamlet II.ii
acting - What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba? - Hamlet II.ii
act - What's Hecuba to him, or he to Hecuba? - Hamlet II.ii
devil - the devil hath power T'assume a pleasing shape - Hamlet II.ii
shape - the devil hath power T'assume a pleasing shape - Hamlet II.ii
question - To be or not to be - that is the question - Hamlet III.i
suicide - To be or not to be - that is the question - Hamlet III.i
praise - The glass of fashion and the mold of form, Th' observed of all observers - Hamlet III.i
Hamlet - The glass of fashion and the mold of form, Th' observed of all observers - Hamlet III.i
action - Suit the action to the word, the word to the action - Hamlet III.ii
word - Suit the action to the word, the word to the action - Hamlet III.ii
king - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
shreds - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
patches - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
shred - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
patch - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
patchy - A king of shreds and patches - Hamlet III.iv
king - There's such divinity doth hedge a king - Hamlet IV.v
divinity - There's such divinity doth hedge a king - Hamlet IV.v
Yorick - Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him Horatio - Hamlet V.i
death - Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him Horatio - Hamlet V.i
Caesar - Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay - Hamlet V.ii
death - Imperious Caesar, dead and turned to clay - Hamlet V.ii
sweet - Sweets to the sweet - Hamlet V.i
death - Sweets to the sweet - Hamlet V.i
Ophelia - Sweets to the sweet - Hamlet V.i
divinity - There's a divinity that shapes our ends - Hamlet V.ii
providence - There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow - Hamlet V.ii
divinity - There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow - Hamlet V.ii
fall - There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow - Hamlet V.i
sparrow - There is a special providence in the fall of a sparrow - Hamlet V.ii